# Doggy Care App

  An app dedicated to caring for our dogs and pets at home. Scheduled tasks, daily training tips, dog profiles and walking records! Also tracking pet health and diet. Will be using react along with react-pages to create an expendable profile page which updates according to the animal that is clicked.

  Will also try to implement a gps setting for phone users to track their dogs walks in km/mi. Could also potentially show weather. Random daily training tips, links to resources and help Q/A for those tough walkers.
 
 ## Diffilculties as of now and how I solved/will solve them
 As react re-instates the DOM after every refresh I had to figure a way to keep local storage from getting refreshed of any form inputs so any user information that is input through the forms (name, breed, kg/lbs ect,.)is saved into localstorage to be reused for keeping profiles and updating through out the site. With the help of many Youtube videos and stackoverflow, I came up with a cocktail solution of having the parsed information become a React state/hook (so I can grab it from inside a function that sends the input information into local storage (which was updated upon submit), grab that, update the state with the new information and use it in a useEffect or just the DOM in general) then as a dependency permanently set that obj to string into local Storage as keyed information sort of how a JSON or api would look; it would look sort of like this in local storage: {name: Nicole, age: 26}. As I am still a very beginner especially with the ins and outs of localstorage, I think this solution will work fine. I could change the inputs to e.target.value and bring it in faster but I do like filtering it out my way because I can see it switch over and match in local storage.
